Fix wlan interface name (#14191)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/migration/migration_guide_2.6.rst

  * Instead of the ``CONFIG_WIFI_MGMT_SCAN_MAX_BSS_CNT`` Kconfig option, a new :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_WIFI_SCAN_MAX_BSS_CNT` Kconfig option is added.

>   * Wi-Fi interface is now renamed from ``wlan0`` to ``nordic_wlan0``, and in order to aid in easier fetching of the handler an entry in the DTS is added ``zephyr_wifi``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The Wi-Fi interface is now renamed from ``wlan0`` to ``nordic_wlan0``, and for easier fetching of the handler, an entry in the DTS file is added ``zephyr_wifi``.
```

>       If your application was using ``device_get_binding("wlan0")``, replace with ``DEVICE_DT_GET(DT_CHOSEN(zephyr_wifi))``.
>       Optionally, you can override the label `zephyr_wifi` in the DTS file with a different Wi-Fi interface name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If your application was using ``device_get_binding("wlan0")``, replace it with ``DEVICE_DT_GET(DT_CHOSEN(zephyr_wifi))``.
    Optionally, you can override the label ``zephyr_wifi`` in the DTS file with a different Wi-Fi interface name.
```
